feat: Increase the default and maximum limit for pagination (#25)
stellio-hub/stellio-docs: docs/admin/misc_configuration_tips.md

  value: 512KB
```

## Increase the default and maximum limit for pagination

Stellio has a default pagination limit of 30 and a maximum of 100. 

These values can be changed by configuring the `application.pagination.limit-default` and `application.pagination.limit-max` properties in `shared.properties` file.

> If running Stellio from `docker-compose`, it can be configured in the environment section of the root project : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If running Stellio from `docker-compose`, it can be configured in the environment section of the target service (`search-service` or `subscription-service`) : 
```

```
      - APPLICATION_PAGINATION_LIMIT_DEFAULT=30

>       - APPLICATION_PAGINATION_LIMIT_MAX=100

Reviewer: they do not have this name in the `docker-compose.yml` file provided in Stellio GH...

Author: I was referencing the variables in the `.env` file

Reviewer: here you are not referencing them, don't see the point then.

Author: in the sentence before it says : "it can be configured in the environment section of the target service" so referencing the variables in the `docker-compose.yml` would be confusing no ?

Reviewer: `APPLICATION_PAGINATION_LIMIT-DEFAULT` (in Stellio GH) vs `APPLICATION_PAGINATION_LIMIT_DEFAULT` (here)

```

> 

Reviewer: remove these empty lines
